waste
Why don't you dare to add it?
Master, you should take care of yourself
Spent so much money on a big pile of junk
Oops boy
All these things you have today add up
The total price is higher than me
I will take your surname tomorrow
Next is the highlight of this auction
Spring and Autumn Mountains and Rivers
Starting at 20 million.
This is definitely the true episode of Spring and Autumn 13 contracts
It's estimated at 200 million.
Hey
20 million
25 million
Sister, I thought you were going to give up.
30 million sisters
I advise you not to struggle
Maybe one day I will become the head of the family
I can also leave you some thin noodles.
then
I can also agree with you to be with this trash
40 million less nonsense
It's Mr. Tian, you usually don't care about your company
So much wasted money again
I don't think you have the money to compete with me at all
This piece of leather, right?
Oops sister
You guessed it right
I really don't have any money.
So what?